Add docs on the configurator (#68)
2i2c-org/pilot: admin/howto/configurator.md

# Configure the hub as an admin with the Configurator

The [JupyterHub configurator](https://github.com/yuvipanda/jupyterhub-configurator)
allows admins to change a subset of hub settings without requiring involvement
from 2i2c engineers.

```{warning}
Be careful while changing these settings! We don't expose anything that can
make the hub inaccessible to *admins*, but you can still change things that
break user server starts. You can always fix it by undoing the change that broke
it, and a way to see the 'version history' of your config changes is in the
works.
```

> ## Accessing the Configurator

Reviewer: Just a note that we have a shift in tense for our headers. The title is "Configure", while the headers are "`-ing`" words (Access_ing_, Mak_ing_, etc). Could we keep them all the same active tense? `Access the Configurator`, `Make changes with the configurator`?

Author: I picked 'Access', since it matches the title's 'configure', which completes a 'how do I...?'

The Configurator is only available to admins, and can be accessed from the
control panel. You can access the Control Panel in the following ways:

> 1. In classic Jupyter notebook, click the 'Control Panel' button in the top right.

Reviewer 2: Maybe have menu choices rendered as code to make them more easier to spot?
```suggestion
1. In classic Jupyter notebook, click the `Control Panel` button in the top right.
```

> 2. In JupyterLab, select 'File -> Hub control panel' from the menu bar.

Reviewer 2: same
```suggestion
2. In JupyterLab, select `File -> Hub control panel` from the menu bar.
```
